feat: add master configurations for access token max and default lifespans [DET-10464] (#10101)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/api-cli-access-token.rst

-  API/CLI: Add support for access tokens. Add the ability create and administer access tokens for
   users to authenticate in automated workflows. Users can define the lifespan of these tokens,
   making it easier to securely authenticate and run processes. Users can set global defaults and

>    limits for the validity of access tokens by defining ``default_lifespan_days`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limits for the validity of access tokens by configuring ``default_lifespan_days`` and 
```

>    ``max_lifespan_days`` in the master configurations. If ``max_lifespan_days`` is set to -1, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``max_lifespan_days`` in the master configuration. Setting ``max_lifespan_days`` to ``-1`` 
```

>    indicates that the access token can have an unlimited lifespan. This feature enhances automation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indicates an **infinite** lifespan for the access token. This feature enhances automation
```
